c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\bin\Debug\Employee.exe.config
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\obj\Debug\Employee.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\obj\Debug\AddEmployee.g.cs
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\obj\Debug\EditEmployee.g.cs
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\obj\Debug\UpdateEmployee.g.cs
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\obj\Debug\ViewEmployee.g.cs
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\obj\Debug\Employee_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\obj\Debug\Employee_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\bin\Debug\Employee.exe
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\bin\Debug\Employee.pdb
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\bin\Debug\Admin.exe
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\bin\Debug\Admin.pdb
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\obj\Debug\AddEmployee.baml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\obj\Debug\EditEmployee.baml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\obj\Debug\UpdateEmployee.baml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\obj\Debug\ViewEmployee.baml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\obj\Debug\Employee.g.resources
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\obj\Debug\Employee.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\obj\Debug\Employee.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\obj\Debug\Employee.exe
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee\Employee\obj\Debug\Employee.pdb
